So he starts to pull everything
we've seen together.
And then we'll kinda do
one little fun little,
bonus thing that just has a wow factor.
But in this file you can say that,
for post request, we yeah.
For very simple, just getting the posts,
we might use a fixture that we saw.
This is the same data that is
seated in the database that we have
a fixture for it.
This is all the stuff that we
see to the database with but
in the case of just using JSON data.
It all depends on what
you're trying to accomplish.
If we wanna say, hey, take the posts
request and this is what we wanna send
back without putting the database when we
don't have a reliability on that either.
We wanna make sure they're cool.
We get back a response we're supposed
to put it on in the DOM that will
happen right because we're intercepting a
post request and putting in there as well.
Kind of again we have some
aliases as we go through.
This just grabs the first post and
aliases while using that side wrap
that we saw right you might just
have your own fixture for that too.
But showing you that you have that
programmability as we saw also earlier
in the workshop looking down a little
bit cool we grab the posts and
then we should see that
the previews happen.
Have the number of posts that we think,
right?
So we are going and visiting that page.
We know that the getting all the posts
has been stubbed with this fixture,right?
So however many posts
were in that fixture,
make sure what you showed on
the page is the same, right?
This gives you that programmability
around your fixtures Is right?
So you can actually if you had it in
a JavaScript object towards the top,
yeah what it is then?
Is just side I get a previous should
have length posts.length, right?
This is so if you need to get at that
underlying fixture Write that then will
always drop you in to the real JavaScript
or jQuery, which is a JavaScript thing,
I guess Cypress also real JavaScript,
what I mean?
It'll drop you down those layers of
abstraction, as you kind of go through,
right, kind of again pulling
the rest of this together,
right, you can again drop in
towards that interception.
You could also say this is
to get it separately so
that we can check it against
the path name right.
So go to the first one click on
it wait for something to hit
the single posted API and
then make sure the path name, right?
Is the one that we went to go search for
right?
Again this is all things we've kind
of covered hitting Enter should also
hit the create post API.
This is not using about then it's
using its syntax that we saw before.
And it should contain what
you typed in the box.
All right, that's in the request if
you wanted the response as well.
Making sure that the Delete
button sends a delete request and
the patch button sends
a patch request right?
So these things that you don't necessarily
need to test that the database is doing
that ideally,
you have server tests, right?
You're just saying did you do the thing
that that button was supposed to do?
Let the server tests worry about
whether the server did it.
Now you can also use Sign Up request to
send requests and then use site request to
pull stuff back out and test your server
as well if that is something you own and
control on your team, right?
All of these kinds of features
are there again going through again so
when I click the edit button right,
it should show me the form.
When I hit the update button,
it should send a patch request right?
When I hit the Delete button,
it should send a delete request.
I don't necessarily, if I'm supposed
to wait for that response or
remove it from the page,
that might be another test that I write.
Right but I probably wouldn't reach in
with a task to check the database right,
that, or that those are the tests for
my server, right.
But again, you can kind of figure out
lots of things that are kind of not to
say possible with unit tests,
right because you will again probably
stumble out of stuff at
the unit test as well.
But real tedious and
hope that you have almost perfect
dependency injection in your code, right?
Yes if you are if you and everyone on your
team writes perfect code all the time,
maybe you could unit test it all right.
But I think this is really also
a really great option if you don't have
a perfect code base.
But you'd to not have
it's one of those things,
your tests find your bugs your customers
find your bugs, your choice, right?
Yeah.
>> Would you say that this is also a good
way to pull your testing into
an environment that better
approximate It's
>> Yeah, because it's just driving
the browser, right and again, some of that
kind of dropping to the JavaScript objects
that we have is there when we need it,
but I would treat it with caution right?
Because the more your tests have to
know about the underlying mechanics of
your code.
The more likely it is that you might
change as underlying mechanics and
that might become problematic, Mark.
>> So Cypress is good for
automating regression testing then?
>> Yeah, yep.
And there are tools Applitools and
percy.io, which also do
visual regression testing.
Right, which is basically we'll kind of
see in a little bit that you can run your
CI/CD process it will take screenshots
when we use Cypress dot run.
And it will you can basically
say cool compare this
screenshot with the last time Cypress
itself isn't necessarily doing this.
There are other tools you can use in
conjunction with Cypress that will not
only be regression testing for
the functionality, right.
But also literal visual regression
testing did you meaningfully
change the way the layout
of this page was?
Because you made a Flexbox booboo, right?
Or something along those lines and
catching those things.
And again with a regression testing
it's always good because there
are places where you might decide
I wasn't even touching that.
But I changed something somewhere and
a change the layout of this nested view
that I didn't even think to look at having
that test coverage basically stops
your paycheck from going off right?
Which is the ultimate goal, [LAUGH] Is to
not be stressed out I'll be being on call.
>> Yeah.
Are there also tools for what would be
tagged text logging as it's going
through things if you wanted to capture,
say the state of the test, and
this is very similar to taking pictures.
>> Yeah.
So Cypress actually has a tool around
that that's kind of similar so.
Cypress also is a company, right?
So the other part, if we kind of,
I'll show you real quick.
And I think we can even set up
a quick CI/CD thing at some point.
But you can actually
connect it to a dashboard.
Will actually show you which
ones your tests are flaky,
which ones pass all the time,
what the statistics around that are.
All the kind of screenshots and
kind of give you all
the analytics around those tests.
There's a pretty generous free tier.
We can set up that original app with
something as well and kind of see that in
place in a few minutes as well, but
you can connect it and get a lot of that.
Like I said for open source projects.
I think there's a pretty
generous free tier for
private repos I there's
a cost structure around it.
That is how the company
seeks to make money.
But yeah, they provide tooling
around that, which is kind,
I think part of the business proposition.